Add install troubleshooting and tutorial for adding driver build configs (#981)
falcosecurity/falco-website: content/en/docs/tutorials/add-prebuilt-driver-config/index.md

make -C driverkit generate -e TARGET_DISTRO=arch -e TARGET_KERNEL_RELEASE=<release name> -e TARGET_KERNEL_VERSION=<build version>
```

filling it with:
* `TARGET_DISTRO`: the Linux distribution of the target host.
* `TARGET_KERNEL_RELEASE`: the Linux kernel release name of the target host. You can fill it with the output of the command `"$(uname -r)"`, running it on a shell on the target host.
* `TARGET_KERNEL_VERSION`: the Linux kernel build version of the target host. You can fill it with output of the command: `"$(uname -v | sed 's/#\([[:digit:]]\+\).*/\1/')"`, running it on a shell on the target host.

for example:

```shell
make -C driverkit generate -e TARGET_DISTRO=arch -e TARGET_KERNEL_RELEASE=6.3.4-arch1-1 -e TARGET_KERNEL_VERSION=1
```

> Available values for `$TARGET_DISTRO` can be found [here](https://github.com/falcosecurity/driverkit/blob/master/docs/driverkit.md).

### Advanced settings

> Besides `$TARGET_DISTRO`, `$TARGET_KERNEL_RELEASE` and `TARGET_KERNEL_VERSION`, you can find all the supported filters [here](https://github.com/falcosecurity/test-infra/blob/master/driverkit/README.md#available-make-targets), that help you to target specific kernel releases.

> ## Propose the configuration

Reviewer: I'd move this section to much later, once the user understand the file they have generated, as well as it's been validated.

Author: Thank you @vjjmiras. I've just moved it, let me know if it aligns with what you had in mind

Author: I misunderstood your point @vjjmiras. Moved now the _Propose the configuration_ section after the validation one.

  `driverkit/config/<DRIVER_VERSION>/<ARCHITECTURE>/<LINUX_DISTRO>_<KERNEL_RELEASE_NAME>_<KERNEL_BUILD_VERSION>.yaml`.

This is a configuration for the Arch Linux kernel specified above, release `6.3.0-4-generic`, which would be located at `driverkit/config/5.0.1+driver/x86_64/arch_6.3.4-arch1-1_1.yaml`:

```yml
kernelversion: 1
kernelrelease: 6.3.4-arch1-1
target: arch
architecture: amd64
output:
  module: output/5.0.1+driver/x86_64/falco_arch_6.3.4-arch1-1_1.ko
  probe: output/5.0.1+driver/x86_64/falco_arch_6.3.4-arch1-1_1.o
```

You can find other example configurations [here](https://github.com/falcosecurity/driverkit/blob/master/Example_configs.md).
Please refer to the [Driverkit](https://github.com/falcosecurity/driverkit) documentation for the [configuaration reference](https://github.com/falcosecurity/driverkit#build-using-a-configuration-file).

## Validate the configuration

You validate the configurations you generate by running, from the `driverkit` directory:

```shell
make -C driverkit validate -e TARGET_DISTRO=arch -e TARGET_KERNEL_RELEASE=6.3.4-arch1-1 -e TARGET_KERNEL_VERSION=1
```

> You can filter the configuarations you want to validate, by using the same [filters supported](https://github.com/falcosecurity/test-infra/blob/master/driverkit/README.md#available-make-targets) by the `generate` Make target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can filter the configurations you want to validate using the same [filters supported](https://github.com/falcosecurity/test-infra/blob/master/driverkit/README.md#available-make-targets) the `generate` _Make target_ supports.
```

Author: Thanks @vjjmiras, good catch!

Nevertheless, you can specify a different URL of the kernel headers package in the Driverkit configuration, with the `kernelurls` field. For example:

```yml
kernelversion: 4
kernelrelease: 6.3.0-4-generic
target: ubuntu-generic
architecture: amd64
output:
  module: output/5.0.1+driver/x86_64/falco_ubuntu-generic_6.3.0-4-generic_4.ko
  probe: output/5.0.1+driver/x86_64/falco_ubuntu-generic_6.3.0-4-generic_4.o
kernelurls: ["http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/pool/main/l/linux/linux-headers-6.3.0-4-generic_6.3.0-4.4_amd64.deb","http://mirrors.edge.kernel.org/ubuntu/pool/main/l/linux/linux-headers-6.3.0-4-generic_6.3.0-4.4_amd64.deb","http://mirrors.edge.kernel.org/ubuntu/pool/main/l/linux/linux-headers-6.3.0-4_6.3.0-4.4_all.deb","http://security.ubuntu.com/ubuntu/pool/main/l/linux/linux-headers-6.3.0-4_6.3.0-4.4_all.deb"]
```

You can read more about this in the Driverkit [documentation](https://github.com/falcosecurity/driverkit#headers).

### Add support for a new Linux distribution

To introduce support for a new distribution, the logic to retrieve the kernel headers needs to be implemented.

> Driverkit already provides a plumbing to easy with the development. You can follow [this guide](https://github.com/falcosecurity/driverkit/blob/master/docs/builder.md#support-a-new-distro) to develop a new Driverkit builder target.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Driverkit already provides plumbing to ease the development. [This guide](https://github.com/falcosecurity/driverkit/blob/master/docs/builder.md#support-a-new-distro) will help you to develop a new Driverkit builder target.
```
